# Marketplace

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**href** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**uuid** | **string** | Unique identifier. This field is automatically generated. | [optional] 
**created_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Creation date. This field is automatically generated. | [optional] 
**updated_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Date of the last modification. This field is automatically generated. | [optional] 
**reference** | **string** |  | 
**description** | **string** |  | 
**billing_method** | **string** | Defines whether commission is computed against each order or monthly. | [optional] 
**bic** | **string** | Bank code of the marketplace. | [optional] 
**iban** | **string** | Account number of the marketplace. | [optional] 
**vads_key** | **string** | Marketplace identifier with Lyra Collect. This field is generated by Lyra Collect. | [optional] 
**vads_cert** | **string** | Marketplace certificate with Lyra Collect. This field is generated by Lyra Collect | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | Current status of the marketplace. This field is managed by Lyra Collect. | [optional] 
**links** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\MarketplaceLinks**](MarketplaceLinks.md) |  | [optional] 
**max_capture_delay** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**tva_rate** | **string** | VAT rate, expressed in %. For example: 20,4 means 20,4% of TVA rate. | [optional] 
**currencies** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\MarketplaceCurrency[]**](MarketplaceCurrency.md) |  | 
**vouchers** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\MarketplaceVoucher[]**](MarketplaceVoucher.md) |  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


